
	
	Welcome to an indepth look at Litterbug! 
	------------------------------------------
	
	Litterbug has a simple goal to track plastic bag usage and educate users. The features of the app
	are based on data points collected from user input as well as dictionaries of facts and advise that
	are provided to the user throughout their journey.
	
	Each of the following pages was intended to have the following uses and functionality.
	
	Log-on
	----------------
	The log-in screen is a simple form allowing users to enter the app with their specific username and password.
	Users must have a registered account in order to enter the application or else the form will fail and 
	render an error template.
	
	Register
	----------------
	The registration form is provided for new users to create unique accounts and use the app independently. The
	registration form requests a username and password as well as password validation. All user names must be unique
	and all passwords must pass the validation in order to pass the registration process and enter the app. 
	
	Homepage
	----------------
	The homepage is intended to be a landing page where a user can check their current status in the rewards
	program. A pop-up box was implemented with dynamic content alerting the user of their proximity to the 
	next level in the rewards program or congratulating the user on reaching the next level. The pop-up
	box is a quick way to incentivize the user to reach the next rewards level. The top of the homepage displays 
	the current users reward status followed directly below by all data points related to the rewards program.
	Below the table containing the data points, you will see a container with a quick tip on how to help
	save plastic which is randomly generated each time the page loads.
	
	New Grocery Cart:
	----------------
	The new grocery cart page is intended as a portal for users to enter each grocery transaction. The table is
	set up in a grocery heirarchy which matches the database. Key value pairs build the table structure and 
	are loaded from the categories.py dictionary. The classification is set as the key and the values are all of the
	sub-groups that exist within the classification. Ideally (as mentioned multiple times), this data would
	have been sourced through a public API. However, I built an equivalent structure to take the place of API data.
	
	When an item is clicked, an entry form is generated where the Classification and Sub-class of that item are 
	static in the form. The user is then responsible for entering the specific item within that classification and sub-group.
	If there was a large data-base being utilizied, the item field would be validated against the grocery heirarchy.
	Once an item is entered, the user must enter the qty purchased of the particular item. 
	
	If the form passes the validation test where the item and qty field must not be blank and the qty must be an integer
	value greater than 0, the user can succesfully click enter. The item will be added to the user's cart and the page will
	re-direct to the grocery cart page.
	
	At this point, the user can repeat the process and continue to enter items into their cart or they have the 
	option of closing the cart.
	
	Close Cart to Bag Inquiry	
	--------------------------------
	
	When the cart is closed, an html form is rendered in order to collect data as to whether or not the user provided
	their own bags for the transaction. This response is crucial in order to calculate the total number of bags saved
	or used and calculate the points.
	
	Cart Total
	--------------------------------
	
	The cart total page has a dual purpose of showing the statistic for the individual cart as well as generate
	a random fact based on what type of transaction the user made. If the user saved bags, they will see a randomly
	generated fact regarding plastic bags, but if the user used bags, they will receive a fact with a negative sentiment.
	Rendering the totals page allows the users account status to be updated. From here they are able to return to the homepage
	where their points balance will be up to date.
	
	Cart History
	--------------------------------
	
	Cart history was designed as a simple bag which displays rolled up metrics for each cart within a user's profile.
	The status of the bags within the cart are tracked as USED or SAVED in the bag status column. Additionally, functionality
	has been implemented in order to be able to drill down into each individual cart and few the transactions within the cart.
	In order to view all tranactions within a cart, one simple can click on the cart id number and a new html page
	will be rendered in order to see all items purchased with the consistent ID.
	
	Rewards Levels
	--------------------------------
	
	A basic template was rendered in order to display the rewards levels in the program as a reference.
	
	
	The app was designed in a user friendly manner which allows the user the flexibility to view their transaction
	history at all granularity. Through using the app, the hope is that a user will begin to understand the impact
	plastic bags have on the enviornment.
	
	
	