
	
	Welcome to Litterbug! 
	------------------------------

	Litterbug is an interactive app for users to track their plastic bag usage per grocery trip. 
	The program is designed to incentivize users to bring their own plastic bags to the grocery store and 
	educate users on plastic usage. In return, for each number of bags a user saves, the user will receive 
	bonus points, and for each number of bags used, points will be deducted from the users point balance. 
	All users will begin with a point balance of 0. As bonus points accumulate, different levels can be reached 
	within Litter Bug's rewards program and the user is eligable to win rewards!

	Getting Started:
	------------------------------

	In ordered to begin exploring the app, be sure to download all files included in the final-project folder. 
	This folder includes the following:
	1) Folder: Static
	Included: Sub-Folder: images (background_image.jpg), scripts.js and styles.css
	2) Folder: Template
	Included: All html templates
	3) Main Folder: Final-Project
	Included: Main Application (application.py), Categories Dicitionary (categories.py),  litterbug.db, Requirements (requirementstxt.txt)
	** Please note the categories dictionary is for proof of concept. 
	*In designing and implementing the application it became apparent, public apis for grocery store data were not easily accesible.

	Logging on:
	------------------------------

	Once you have ensured all files have been downloaded, run flask and open the Web Server. 
	As you are a new user, navigate to the Register tab on the navigation bar and create your own account. 
	Once your account has been validated and you are able to log-in, you will be informed of your current points 
	balance and the next rewards level you can achieve. As a new user, you will have 0 points.

	The home page provides users with an overview of their rewards level, points balance, total bags saved, 
	and total bags used. When the homepage loads, a random fact is generated in order to educate or remind 
	the user on how they can do their part to help save plastic bags.

	Features:
	------------------------------

	From the homepage, you are able to navigate to the following features.

	New Grocery Cart:

	In order to populate your cart history, begin by choosing the option "New Grocery Cart" in the navigation
	bar. The page displayed is a heirarchy of different classificaitons and sub-groups of groceries one can 
	choose from within this app. The first level for the grocery heirarchy is the classification found in the left 
	most row. The second level of the heirarchy is the sub-group which appear in the table rows as buttons. 
	Ideally, the grocery heirachy would be sourced from a public API and be more expansive and reprsentative of a
	true grocery store. Unfortunately, there were many set backs trying to find and connect to public APIs for 
	grocery data. Therefore, the data on display is primarily for proof of concept. 

	In order to begin entering items into your cart, simply click on the classification and sub-group 
	(i.e. Bread:Bagels or Dairy:Butter). You will be re-directed to a form where you are able to enter the
	specific item and quantity purchased. The specific item field is a free text field where any value is 
	accepted. As many items may have special characters or numeric portions of the item or brand name there is
	no check to validate the data type in the form with the exception of a check for a null form. The qty field 
	must contain a valid positive integer. When you have successfully entered your item, clicking enter will
	add the item to your grocery cart at which point you will be redirected to your cart. If you would like to
	continue entering items, repeat the entry process.

	When you have completed entering all of your items, click the close cart button located at the top of the 
	grocery cart page. At this point, you will be prompted and asked whether or not you provided your own bags
	for the trip. Choose the appropriate answer. A summary of your transaction will be calculated and displayed.
	The total weight of the groceries in your cart will be presented. The weight is calculated using the 
	underlying food_inventory database. An average weight based on the classification and sub-group entered has
	been used. As mentioned previously, it would be ideal to be able to calculate the exact weight per item, but
	the database was created for proof of concept withint he app.

	 The total weight of the transaction is then translated into a number of bags based on the total weight 
	 divided by the average maximum weight a plastic bag can sustain. Based on your plastic bag usage, points
	 will be awarded or detracted from your acount and a message will appear on the screen where the sentiment
	 of the message is directly impacted by whether you saved or used bags. If you have saved bags, you will 
	 be thanked and shown a fact about the fight against pollution. If you used, you will view a fact regarding 
	 plastic bag usage and the negative impact the bags have on the enviornment. 

	------------------------------

	Cart History:

	In order to be able to track all transactions entered, one can view their Cart History by clicking on the 
	cart history tab in the navigation bar. The cart totals throughout history will be displayed along with 
	the bag status associated to the particular transaction. If you would like to view all items purchased within
	a single transaction, simply click on the cart number and it will route you to a page displaying all items
	in the cart. To return to the cart history use the "Go Back Button".

	------------------------------

	Rewards Program:

	A structure of the rewards program and levels has been provided for the user in the rewards program tab.
	This is an opportunity for the user to understand the different point thresholds necessary to achieve in
	order to move through the program and redeem rewards!

	------------------------------

	In order to return to the homepage, simply click on the LitterBug logo in the top left of the navigation
	bar. It will alert you as to your current rewards status and the next rewards level you are close to 
	achieving. Feel free to enter as many new carts as you desire with a range of number of items.

	Enjoy!

